Things to add:

process_net_benefit or total_net_benefit for details box?

automation score description complexity vs score confusing

Glossary table correct rows?

Make sure likes line up

Make total average of subgroups easier to work with

PrimaryKeyRelatedField many to many taking a long time?

Bubble chart dots could be bigger on hover

Maybe stop using localStorage

Dashboard with new user/no processes

Maybe cursor pointer on bubble chart

Last three squares on taxonomy view don't work

Test history.push instead of link speed

Table headings move around when sorting

What to on top card on category view?

Slider starting at 0 fix error

Owner column in tables is a combination of two things so how to sort

Test tables with better data

Message on loading screen? 

Can you fill out the cost form and still have it not show up?

total_alignment_score_coverted needs to be replaced

See if anything else needs to be changed

Subgroup and question and maybe answer orders

Order scores by question ID

Profile?

Related tasks - related how? subtasks?

right margin welcome back text

Select field stuck on option?

Loading screen and top line thing?

See if there's a reason not to have subgroup on Score model

How to test average scores per subgroup?

Sharing assessment results with other people since it takes a long time?

Should there be a way to save the results of a particular assessment?

Tables have two scrollbars on small screens

Snackbar after form submission?

Back button should also be disabled after form submission

Test all screen sizes

Typos in assessment questions

Automation assessment not every textfield is getting filled with initial value

ProcessLenz UI Kit

Should the alignment take into account the actual results? How do you know if the process will actually achieve the goals you want?

Config weights - weights are part of the question, there should be an edit questions page 
and changing weights of existing questions is one part of that. Or it can be how it is on the original
for now

potential_page.html object keys?

Changing questions changing data

Edit objectives?


Back to process button? Or is back in browser enough?

View details should be one click instead of open menu then click

Submit button texts

Cards that are clickable and cards that aren't look the same

Details page layout at 80% zoom

Update process query

If the stepper is clickable it needs to be made unclickable after submitting or not be on the page or redirect

Integer out of range error when submitting forms

See if there are any unused variables in cost form

Store user name in our database

Applications_tec in ProcessDetail in updateDetails view?

Automation assessment take again button placement and styling

fte_expl check this, check updateDetails in general

Required fields in assessment created by users?

firebase json file?

Make sure everything works in every table

Some kind of indicator to the user while process is deleting

Add process redirect instead of button? Another button for add another process?

More comments

Add process name to are you sure you want to delete

Delete process dialog styling

if res.ok? Is it good to catch errors for user experience?

Fetch data sooner in various places?

Priority in tables confusing - low, medium, or high based on a number the user doesn't know? Also why is the program telling me instead of me deciding that? Priority is very subjective. Having the same numbers for everybody doesn't make sense

Sort by name not working

total_net_benefit vs process_net_benefit

Maybe add dialog popup confirm for clicking on bubble chart

Accounts receivable l2 process name

Serializers, pictures, alt text for images, add hover cursor, date formatting, get rid of filter icon from tables, make boxes same size

Cost without automation cost comparison tab

3 year projection breakeven tab

When assessment is complete, it should redirect to the automation potential tab

Automation questions group by subgroup order by created date

Automation assessment qualitative

Info for forms say you can edit it later

Ideas per function chart integers

Quarterly cash flow table styling

Bubble chart data dashboard

assumptions.current_employee_cost?

Change navbar numbers if pipeline is changed when updating a process

Update process redirect after submitting? New process also?

Update process form different info card

Image alt texts

Ideas table conditional logic

if total net benefit is equal to 0, couldn't it just be zero? all of these

Table sorting isn't working

Case insensitive queries? development Development etc

Process level 3 name in forms

Maybe change clicking on table three dots context set time

Material-UI imports check if they are importing too much

View details, update, delete could be different colors and/or have icons

Stepper icons

Nature of process not working

Backend validations?

Graph tooltips displaying weird things

Loading button when submitting forms

Change demo user autofill on login

NavBar not displaying properly

Show All icon on process list page

Maybe fetch data for currently displayed page along with userId?

Dashboard new user page

Process list view none found page

Navbar heading only turns green for top option underneath it

Trying to submit form with errors should turn the inputs red

Applications part of new process form - required or not?

Tabs on process detail page should be scrollable for small screens

Update button on process details page - keep, change, add tooltip

Option to save unfinished forms since they're so long?

Image on no processes page

All images should have alt text

Tabs not lighting up

Click on stepper to go to that part

Put logo on loading screen

User redux

Automation potential bottom pictures

Text colors on detail boxes

Accordion controlled or simple

Description formatting on Process Criticality and Nature of Process graphs on Process Ideas page 

Quarterly projections table on Process Pipeline view 

Need a page for when there are no processes in a particular stage

Console errors on New Process form

Telephone number input formatting

Display correct dashboard after login - works for me, check

Add dollar signs to money inputs

Sorting by high, medium, and low in table doesn't work currently

Three dot icon on side of table

Helper text or other indicator on fields in case user is color blind

Test views at different screen sizes

Change "Alignment" to "Objective Alignment" everywhere maybe

Accessibility

See if Recharts axes can be fixed

"Made by processlenz.com"


Buy template



Ideas for later:

Make heat map clickable

Kanban type view at some point maybe?

Maybe change colors of items in light vs dark mode